Implement a11y audits for the dev overlay (#9170)
withastro/astro: .changeset/orange-candles-sip.md

---
'astro': patch
---

Adds new accessibility audits to the Dev Toolbar's built-in Audits app.

> The audits Astro performs are non-exhaustive and only intended to catch a handful of common accessibility issues. Please take care to perform a thorough accessibility audit before releasing your website.

Author: ```suggestion
The audits Astro performs are non-exhaustive and only capable of detecting a handful of common accessibility issues. Please take care to perform a thorough, **manual** audit of your site to ensure compliance with the [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) international standard](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/) _before_ publishing your site.
```

> 🧡 Huge thanks to the [Svelte](https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte) team for providing the basis of these accessibility audits!

Reviewer: 🙏
